[processor/resourcedetection] Add fail_on_missing_metadata to EC2 detector (#37453)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/resourcedetectionprocessor/README.md

If the instance is part of AWS ParallelCluster and the detector is failing to connect to the metadata server, check the iptable and make sure the chain `PARALLELCLUSTER_IMDS` contains a rule that allows OTEL user to access `169.254.169.254/32`

> The EC2 detector will report an error in logs if the EC2 metadata endpoint is unavailable. You can configure the detector to instead fail with this flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the EC2 detector will report an error in logs if the EC2 metadata endpoint is unavailable. Alternatively you can configure the detector to fail with this flag:
```
